\input texinfo
@comment %**start of header
@settitle 3DViewer v2.0 User's Manual
@comment %**end of header

3DViewer v2.0 User's Manual

Description 3DViewer v2.0

The application provides a graphical 3DViewer with support for the following features:

1. Load a wireframe model from an obj format file (only vertexes and edges list support).

2. Move the model by a specified distance relative to the X, Y, Z axes.

3. Rotate the model by a specified angle relative to its X, Y, Z axes.

4. Scale the model by a specified value.

5. Choose the type of projection (parallel and central).

6. Choose the type (solid, dashed), color and thickness of the edges.

7. Choose the display method (absent, circle, square), color, and size of vertices.

8. Choose the background color.

9. Save the obtained ("rendered") images to a file in bmp and jpeg formats.

10. Record small "screencasts" as gif-animation.


Manual:

1. To load a wireframe model from an obj file, click on the "Open File" button.

2. To save the settings (projection type, type (solid, dashed), color and thickness of edges, display method (absent, circle, square), color and size of vertices, background color) click the "Save settings" button. Note: The settings will be saved automatically between program restarts.

3. You can also load previously used settings simply by pressing the "Load Settings" button, if you ran the application earlier.

4. In the Projection menu, select the projection type: Parallel or Central.

5. In the Edges menu, specify the thickness of the edges.

6. In the Vertices menu, you can choose the vertex type (circle or square), as well as the vertex size.

7. In the Color menu, you can choose the color of the vertices, edges, and background.

8. In the Line type menu you can choose the type of line (dashed or solid) for the edges.

9. To move the model relative to the X, Y, Z axes, use the sliders or enter a value in the corresponding field in the Move menu.

10. To scale the model, use the slider "+/-" or enter a value in the corresponding field in the Move menu.

11. To rotate the model relative to its X, Y, Z axes, use the sliders or enter a value in the corresponding field in the Rotation menu.

12. To create a screenshot, press the Save screenshot button. You can find the screenshot in the "media" folder at the root of the project.

13. In the "Screenshot Format" menu, you can specify the file format (jpeg or bmp) to store the screenshot.

14. To record a gif animation, press the "Record GIF" button. Then within 5 seconds your gif-animation will be recorded. You can find the Gif animations in the "media" folder in the root of the project.

15. To close the program press the "Close" button or press the red button in the upper left corner of the program.

Thank you.

@bye
